Employees ranked as professors or tenured assistant professors can select from, insert into, and delete from graduate admission related tables in the database. 
Customer Service Reps, Pharmacists, and Billing Reps can collect and use customer name and date of birth to help confirm identity. 
Customer service reps can use credit card number for the purpose of updating records if requested by a patient. 
Customer Service Reps, Pharmacists, and Billing Reps can collect and use customer name and e-mail addresses. 
Shipping Reps can use customer name and customer mailing addresses to ship orders. 
Billing Reps can use credit card numbers for order processing. 
Customer Service Reps can modify credit card numbers for order processing, if the customer is notified by email of the change. 
Customer service reps, ducks or Lawyers can use credit card number for the purpose of making treatment decisions if customer has opted-in. 
Admission nurses use SSN for reviewing eligibility if requested by a patient who is returning. 
Customer service reps and managers may collect and use name and social security number for the purpose of confirming identity. 
The organisation may use email addresses to answer inquiries. 
Supervisors can collect personal information if required by law. 
Financial consultants can collect and use customer name for the purpose of confirming identity. 
Financial analysts can use customer accounts to make loan decisions. 
Management can report customer transactions if required by law. 
It is used to enforce authorisation rules on bonus allocation among the employees of a company.
A bonus package with a fixed number of options, such as a-day-off, is available for employees. 
The director chooses options from the package to give to all employees. 
He/she can also read the information about the distribution of options. 
The director can promote an employee to be a  manager. 
Managers can read and set ordinary employees’ bonuses, but not those of other managers or the director. 
An employee can appoint another employee to be his advocate, and have read access to his bonus information – for example, this might be useful if he needs help from a trade union. 
Use cases such as record invoice arrival, verify invoice validity, authorize payment and write a check are to be applied in the specified order.  
Each use case should be executed by an actor playing an authorized role(s) as shown in Figure 1. For example, write a check use case should be invoked by (authorized to) clerk role. In addition, the role hierarchy implicitly authorizes a specialized role to inherit permissions. For example, according to Figure 2, supervisor role inherits purchasing officer’s permissions and purchasing officer inherits clerk’s permissions. 
Supervisor can not execute the write a check use case. 
No user should perform more than one use case on each object. This one type of Dynamic Separation of Duty (DSOD) policy. For example, a user should not record and verify the same invoice. This policy is claimed to prevent fraud and errors. 
If the invoice’s total amount exceeds one million, then two different supervisors must authorize the invoice. 
A subject cannot belong to more than one role. 
Every subject in the hierarchy except the business office manager can submit a project. 
Every professor, except assistant professors, can review a project. 
A subject cannot review a project he/she has submitted. 
A professor can review the same project at most one time. 
Only the business office manager and the dean can approve a project. 
A subject cannot approve projects he/she has reviewed or submitted. 
PC members and authors of papers are known to everybody. Authors of papers cannot be changed. 
The PC chair appoints the PC members. A PC member can resign his membership. 
The PC chair can assign a paper to a PC member for reviewing, except if he is one of its authors. 
All PC members, except the author(s) of a paper can know who are the reviewers for this paper. 
The reviewer of a paper can assign the paper to be sub-reviewed by an agent who is not an author of the paper and has not been assigned the same paper by another reviewer. 
A reviewer of a paper p can resign, unless he has already appointed a sub-reviewer for the paper. 
Subreviewers are known to all PC members who are not authors of the respective papers. 
A sub-reviewer can resign, unless he has already submitted his review. 
There do not exist members of Student who can Assign ExternalGrades. 
All members of Faculty can Assign both InternalGrades and ExternalGrades. 
No combination of roles exists such that a user with those roles can both Receive and Assign the resource ExternalGrades. 
Requests for students to Receive ExternalGrades, and for faculty to Assign and View both InternalGrades and ExternalGrades, will succeed. 
The sole counter-example shows that a student with the freedom to assign external grades is also a ta but not a faculty member. 
TA can view and assign InternalGrades but not ExternalGrades (since faculty must take final responsibility for all external grades), combined with Pol3. 
All members of role Faculty Family can receive External-Grades. 
If the subject is a faculty member, then permit that subject to assign grades. 
If the subject is a student, then do not permit that subject to assign grades. 
If the subject is not a faculty member, then permit that subject to enroll in courses. 
The manager has the broadest access to the information, including access to personal, financial, clinical and medical information about each resident. 
This does not mean, however, that she has unrestricted access. 
Although she can enter the past medical records when a resident is admitted, she cannot subsequently add medical entries to the system. 
In the current paper-based system, this is prevented by requiring that any new entry be signed by the doctor making that entry. 
Also, she cannot view the private notes of doctors and clearly she cannot sign the legal agreement on behalf of a resident.  
Only the manager is allowed to add a new resident to the system and to start or update the care plan of a resident. 
The care plan is updated in consultation with the resident or the responsible person.  
Only the manager is allowed to delete the information about a resident but here also that right is restricted. 
Privacy laws require that the information be held for a certain period after a resident leaves the facility. 
This period is seven years for someone who is not of Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander descent and nine years for someone who is.  
The health care workers are required to sign a confidentiality agreement before they have access to any resident data. 
Their main form of access is to view the care plan for each resident and to add progress note entries based on their observations. 
Access to emergency details is available for all staff. 
Health care workers can view recent medical records of residents (up to one year old) but cannot normally view older medical information. 
For a special purpose, access to an older medical record can be sought and obtained from the manager. 
Because of the physical access control in the current paper system, the manager has an overview of who has accessed what information. 
In an electronic system this overview must be supplied by some form of logging of accesses and access attempts. 
Clearly, the manager does not wish to be informed about every access but some logging is still necessary. 
So, for example, the manager should be made aware of repeated attempts by a health care worker to access information beyond their rights.  
A visiting doctor has access to all the medical information of residents who are his/her patients and can add entries to their medical records.
Doctors can also add private notes about a resident, which, on the basis of doctor-patient confidentiality, are not visible to health care staff or the manager. 
Doctors need not sign a confidentiality agreement since they are bound by a code of professional conduct. 
Occasionally, due to pressing circumstances, it may be necessary for a visiting doctor to examine a resident who is not normally his/her patient.
This is permitted with the consent of the resident or the responsible person and the notification of the manager.
The doctor then has temporary access to the resident’s medical records (but not to the private notes of the resident’s usual doctor).      
The principals involved in an information system are usually thought of as staff members of a certain organisation. 
Privacy laws require, however, that a person should have full access to any information stored about them (unless the well-being of a third party would be jeopardised by revealing the information). 
In our case study this means that the residents themselves must also be regarded as principals for whom we define access rights. 
In the current paper system, all the information stored about a resident is accessible to the resident by arrangement with the manager. 
The need to make this arrangement is only to allow the manager and resident to set a time that is convenient to both of them. 
In an electronic system we can allow residents to hook into the network at any time as long as they can view only their own data and cannot make arbitrary changes. 
This includes the right to view even the private notes entered by a doctor. 
Loading medicines to medicine dispenser, creating medicine order and picking medicines from the medicine dispenser are operations forming a critical task. 
This critical task should not be performed by a single user.  
A user should already grant diagnosing right to create medicine orders.  
Only one user, here is the Pharmacy System, can load medicines to the medicine dispenser.  
Pharmacy System may get reports and status information of the medicine dispenser. 
However, it should not perform these operations when it is loading medicines to the medicine dispenser. 
Pharmacy System can load medicines to the dispenser only at a time interval 12:00-13:00 in a day.  
Only Doctors and Nurses can read patient records. 
Pharmacy System should not read patient records even if it can read patient medicine orders. 
Any subject with an e-mail name in the med.example.com domain can perform any action on any resource. 
A person, identified by his or her patient number, may read any record for which he or she is the designated patient. 
A person may read any record for which he or she is the designated parent or guardian, and for which the patient is under 16 years of age. 
A physician may write to any medical element for which he or she is the designated primary care physician, provided an email is sent to the patient. 
An administrator shall not be permitted to read or write to medical elements of a patient record. 
Administrators can access only the administrative pages 
Guests can access all the public areas of the site 
Owners can access their account, move funds, and review transactions 
Users can view an Owner's account, but not make changes 
Planners can access the sites financial planning and tax preparation functions 
Payers can use the site's bill paying function .
Data Owners can transfer ownership of information to other users. 
Data Owners can determine the type of access given to other users (read, write, copy, etc.).
Repetitive authorization failures to access the same resource or object generates an alarm and/or restricts the user's access 
Special add-on or plug-in software required to apply to an HTTP client to prevent indiscriminant copying by users ("cutting and pasting" of information) 
Users who do not have access to information should not be able to determine its characteristics (file size, file name, directory path, etc.) 
Access to information is determined based on authorizations to access control lists based on user identifier and group membership. 
Only administrators, not data owners, make changes to a resource's security label. 
All data is assigned security level that reflects its relative sensitivity, confidentiality, and protection value. 
All users can read from a lower classification than the one they are granted (A "secret" user can read an unclassified document). 
All users can write to a higher classification (A "secret" user can post information to a Top Secret resource). 
All users are given read/write access to objects only of the same classification (a "secret" user can only read/write to a secret document). 
Access is authorized or restricted to objects based on the time of day depending on the labeling on the resource and the user's credentials (driven by policy). 
Access is authorized or restricted to objects based on the security characteristics of the HTTP client (e.g. SSL bit length, version information, originating IP address or domain, etc.) 
Staff can print on HP Laserjet 1. 
David can assign the manager role to Alice. 
John can assign clerk to users from department A 
Clerk can read from database. 
Owners can read Name. 
Clerks can add and change Name, date of birth, Address and Postcode. 
Owners cannot change any data but can read it all.
There do not exist members of STUDENT who can ASSIGN EXTERNALGRADES. 
All members of FACULTY can ASSIGN both INTERNALGRADES and EXTERNALGRADES. 
There exists no combination of roles such that a user with those roles can both RECEIVE and ASSIGN the resource EXTERNALGRADES. 
All members of STUDENT can RECEIVE EXTERNALGRADES. 
If a subject is not a pc-chair or admin, then he/she may not set the meeting ﬂag. 
If someone is not a pc-chair or admin, then he/she can never see paper-review-rc for which he/she is conﬂicted. 
During the submission phase, an author may submit a paper.
During the review phase, reviewer may submit a review for paper if reviewer is assigned to review paper. 
During the meeting phase, reviewer can read the scores for paper if reviewer has submitted a review for paper.
Authors may never read scores.
